[CDS-99734] CD release notes 1.51.x (#7650)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-delivery.md

## August 2024

### Version 1.51.x

#### Behavior changes

- Previously, in pipeline chaining, if the child pipeline was in a wait step, the child pipeline status would show as **Waiting** state whereas the parent pipeline status would show as **Running** state. This behavior is changed to show both parent and child pipeline status to show as **Waiting** state.(PIPE-20448, ZD-66154,66618,67697)  

#### Fixed issues

> - The output tab on the pipeline console showed incorrect details for retries when viewed on console mode. This issue is fixed now. Pass correct step id for retry steps in console view to see correct details in the output tab.(PIPE-20648, ZD-67024)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The output tab in the pipeline console previously displayed incorrect details for retries when viewed in console mode. This issue has been resolved by ensuring that the correct step ID is passed for retry steps, allowing accurate details to be shown in the output tab.(PIPE-20648, ZD-67024)
```

- While cinnecting to the Git sync service, a connection error was being thrown. This issue is resolved by increasing the number of connection retries from 1 to 3. (PIPE-20589, ZD-67247,67488)

> - The test class `io.harness.pcf.cfsdk.CfSdkClientImplTest` was failing. The failing test classes have been fixed now. (CDS-99557)

Reviewer: No need to add this to release notes, as discussed if there is something internal failing we don't need to add that in release notes. We can remove it.

Reviewer: i have removed the same
